Document direction and flatness properties in Particle systems (2D) (#3932)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/2d/particle_systems_2d.rst

ParticlesMaterial settings
--------------------------

Direction
~~~~~~~~~

> This is the base direction at which particles emit. The default is
> ``Vector3(1, 0, 0)`` which makes particles emit to the right. However with
> the default settings particles will go straight down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the base direction at which particles emit. The default is
``Vector3(1, 0, 0)`` which makes particles emit to the right. However,
with the default gravity settings, particles will go straight down.
```

.. image:: img/direction1.png

> For this property to be noticeable you need an *initial velocity* greater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this property to be noticeable, you need an *initial velocity* greater
```

> than 0. Here, we set the initial velocity to 40, you'll notice that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than 0. Here, we set the initial velocity to 40. You'll notice that
```

ParticlesMaterial settings
--------------------------

Direction
~~~~~~~~~

> This is the base direction at which particles emit. The default is ``X:1``
> ``Y:0`` ``Z:0`` which makes particles emit to the right. However with the
> default settings particles will go straight down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the base direction towards which particles emit. The default is
``Vector3(1, 0, 0)`` which makes particles emit to the right.
However, with the default gravity settings and the particles' momentum
being very low, particles will appear to go straight down.
```

.. image:: img/direction1.png

> For this property to be noticeable you need an initial velocity (a setting
> we'll go over later) greater than 0. I've set the initial velocity to 40
> here, you'll notice that particles emit toward the right, then go down
> because of gravity.

Reviewer: Say no to "I" in documentation :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
For this property to be noticeable, you need an *initial velocity* greater than 0.
Here, we set the initial velocity to 40. You'll notice that particles now emit
more visibly towards the right, then go downwards because of gravity.
```

.. image:: img/paranim3.gif

Flatness
~~~~~~~~

> This property is only useful for 3D particles.

Reviewer: It might be useful to explain what does this property does when you increase/decrease its value, as well as documenting the allowed range (which IIRC is 0..1).

Author: That's the thing though. The property only does something in 3D scenes and this page is for 2D particles only. To me it doesn't make sense to go over it here. And it is documented in the class reference.
